Now, we get to have a little fun writing shell scripts (so you may want to
look at the last two levels to make sure that you fully understand what they
were doing in their scripts).

Looking at the cronjobs in the /etc/cron.d directory, we can see that there
are actually two different jobs running for the next level, but one of them is
root: /usr/bin/cronjob_bandit24_root.sh. We will not be able to see what this
is doing, so let's just look at bandit24's job, which should look something
like this:
	#!/bin/bash

	myname=$(whoami)

	cd /var/spool/$myname
	echo "Executing and deleting all scripts in /var/spool/$myname:"
	for i in * .*;
	do
		if [ "$i" != "." -a "$i" != ".." ];
		then
			echo "Handling $i"
			timeout -s 9 60 "./$i"
			rm -f "./$i"
		fi
	done

Since this script is executed every minute by bandit24, we can see that we
need to write an executable in the directory /var/spool/bandit24 that will do
something for us (with bandit24 permissions). Usually we are trying to get the
password for the next level, so let's try to do that!

I went ahead and created a directory to work in (although this is not
necessary, it'll make it easier), so that if it executes my script (which is
then deleted) and doesn't do as I expected, I can easily modify my script and
try again. And, yes, I had a few problems with this level, so there were many
instances when I had to do this myself. When I create my directory, it has the
following permissions by default: drwxrwxr-x. This is a problem when we do
this as bandit23 because we need everyone (bandit24) to be able to write to
this directory, so we need to add the write permission.

Alright, now we just need to write our shell script and we should be ready to
go: 
	#!/bin/bash

	touch /tmp/eazy24/24pass
	chmod 664 /tmp/eazy24/24pass
	cat /etc/bandit_pass/bandit24 > /tmp/eazy24/24pass

Now, all we have to do is copy this file into the /var/spool/bandit24
directory, and then change the permissions of the file to be executable, and
then we have a maximum of one minute until our file 24pass is available in our
directory (with the password of the next level).
